[expo-router][docs] separate expo-router reference into multiple subsections (#43674)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/router/stack.mdx

---
title: Stack

> description: Stack navigator, toolbar, and screen components for Expo Router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An Expo Router submodule that provides Stack navigator, toolbar, and screen components.
```
